fix: Refactor manufacturer wrapper from <a> to <div> when link is missing (#9648)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-05-21-refactor-manufacturer-wrapper-on-product-detail-page.md

---
title: Changed manufacturer wrapper from `<a>` to `<div>` when link is missing
issue: #9615
author: Tam Dao
author_email: t.dao@shopware.com
author_github: @daothithientamm
---

> 

Reviewer: this empty line isn't necessary either 😄 the rest looks good to me 👍🏻

# Storefront

> * Refactored the manufacturer block in the product detail page to render a `<div>` instead of an `<a>` tag when the manufacturer has no link, ensuring valid HTML structure and improved accessibility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Changed the `element_manufacturer_logo_link` block in the `src/Storefront/Resources/views/storefront/element/cms-element-manufacturer-logo.html.twig` to render a `<div>` instead of an `<a>` tag when the manufacturer has no link, ensuring valid HTML structure and improved accessibility.
```
